I'm excited to be in touch.
You don't know, you don't know what's going on.
Alleluia, are you excited?
From Monday to Friday, we go to depressive places.
And I thank God on the Sunday he brings us into the house of God, into his presence where there's fullness of joy.
Give the Lord a shout that makes it an
Give the Lord a hand clap that makes the neighbors here that God is working here.
Now give the Lord a foot stomp that shows that His presence is here.
And let everything that had breath praise the Lord.
Hallelujah.
Are you ready for the word of God?
Are you ready to be changed?
Are you ready to receive from the Holy Spirit?
Salk your loudest yes.
Salk your loudest hallelujah.
Salk your loudest amen.
Don't get loud as Jesus as we welcome the prophet of this house, Bishop.
Yeah, he will.
Yes.
Lift your hand and sing.
Nothing is impossible when you put your trust in God.
Nothing is impossible when you trust in Him.
I don't know what you tell me
Father thank you for the blessing of your work today as you heal us.
of every place, every curse, every work of darkness.
Thank you in Jesus' name.
Amen.
You may be seated.
Our topic is, why few are chosen part three?
Why few are chosen part number three?
Matthew 25.
Once again,
Remember our key scripture is Matthew 22 and verse 14.
It says, for many are called, but few are chosen.
Amen.
Now in Matthew 25, so what we are doing is we are looking for where there were many people and they became few.
And that tells us how few were chosen.
So we are looking for where there were a lot of people
that the people became few, and why few were there after some time instead of many?
Can you understand that?
Is it easy to understand?
Now, Jesus gave us a number of examples of how many were there at the beginning, then it became few.
And one of the examples is in Matthew 25, verse one, the story of the 10 legends.
There were 10, then it became five.
Five ended up at the wedding by the way, 10 to start with.
So how did the 10 become five?
People saw 10 people going for the wedding, then in the end, only five were actually at the wedding.
So many were called to the wedding, then it became few.
It became five.
Just like last week, I was also sharing with you, many were given talents.
Then in the end, few were with the Lord and some were thrown away into outer darkness.
So here again, we see a very amazing story, endless words from Jesus.
Matthew 25, verse one, Amen.
Amen.
And the day that were foolish took their lumps and took no oil with them.
But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lumps while the bridegroom tarried.
They all slumbered and slept.
At midnight, there was a cry made and behold the bridegroom cometh going out to meet him.
Then all those vengeance arose and trimmed their lumps.
And the foolish said unto the wise, give us of your oil
for our lumps are gone out, but the wise answered saying, not so, lest there be not enough for us and you, but go rather to them that cell and buy for yourselves.
And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage and the door was shut.
Afterward came also the other virgins, amen,
saying, Lord, Lord, open unto us.
But he answered, veryly I know you not.
Watch therefore for you know not the day, not the hour where the son of man cometh.
Amen.
How many want to be among the few that are chosen?
Right.
So the first reason for not being chosen is
emphasizing on the outside and not on the inside.
Because there were 10 vegens.
All of them were vegens.
All of them were dressed up for the wedding.
All of them were attending.
All of them were invited.
All of them dressed.
All of them came, all right.
But five were wise and five were foolish.
You can't see foolishness outside.
You can only see it on the inside.
So everything was perfect on the outside, but there are differences on the inside.
So there's a difference between you and the person sitting next to you, and that difference is on the inside.
And that difference is going to be the difference why few are chosen.
And it is an inner difference.
Amen.
Now, this story
tells us that one day Jesus is going to come and how many are going to go?
Let's say Jesus comes right now and I'm one of those going to go, my microphone will drop and I'll disappear.
And if the percentage is five, five, then it means half of us here will disappear and half of us will remain.
Now, there is no way to see the difference between those who would stay and those who would be caught up to be with the Lord by looking at us on the outside.
Because on the outside, we all say amen.
We all dress up.
We all come to church.
We all sit here.
We all say we are born again.
But there are differences.
So you need to emphasize and work on the inside
more than the outside.
Now, if you take ladies, you have a lot to dress up on the outside.
Your hair, your nails are not your nails.
Your hair is not your hair.
Your eyelashes are not your eyelashes.
Your hips are not your hips.
Everything is not in your breath.
Your face is not your face.
Your skin is not your skin.
We don't know what is true about you.
Your tummy is not your tummy.
So, there is a lot of emphasis on outside, but inside.
Now, I want to tell you, spend time, you see, like tonight.
You can wake up at midnight or 2 a.m. and pray till the morning.
Yes, no one will see that you have been praying.
You can fast without announcements being made in church about fasting.
Personally, I am not used to this announcement fasting because I never fasted with announcements.
I fasted by myself.
I never followed church, because I wasn't really belonging to any church.
In that sense, I was a member of cavalry route.
And when they declared it faster, that was when I fasted in the first time.
But I never belonged to a church which announced it fast.
So the effort is outside.
It's all on the outside.
The effort is for the outside, but there's not much in that.
So the differences are inside.
So don't be so concerned.
Sometimes even people can even tell lies about you.
But the truth is the truth.
Yes, the truth is the truth.
And the inside is the inside.
And the inside is what matters.
It was the difference was the five, why it's five for foolish.
But everybody was a virgin.
And that's on the outside.
Everybody was dressed.
Everybody attended.
Everybody had lumps.
Everybody had oil.
I mean, you couldn't distinguish between these five.
These ten.
If you see them, so perfect.
But they were very different.
on the inside.
So you must ask yourself today, what difference is there on the inside?
And that is where you must emphasize.
That's what makes a difference.
That's what makes a different person.
That's what Solomon said, beauty is vain.
When a person is experienced, he looks at beautiful people and he says, it's useless.
You see, like when I preach and I say, the girls, you have this and that, instead of hitting it back, think of what Suleiman also said, beauty is very, he didn't say man something, he was talking about the virtuous woman.
And so it's useless, and it's true.
Because after you are married, you are living with a type of thinking human being, how the person thinks
and behaves.
That's the experience you have, not so much of the physical.
So emphasize, there are many of you here, you don't have a macarrios.
How many don't have a macarrios?
You don't even know what it is, raise your hand.
How many have the book Good General, the Good General?
How many don't have it?
You need to have it.
Emphasize on the inside.
Emphasize on the part you cannot see.
I remember, I think it was 1983.
I went to England.
And when I was coming, I had no money.
I think it was 1983.
I'm not sure of the year.
But I had no money.
But there was being sold
very special Bible, which was rare to find.
And I had to order the Bible from Scotland.
It is the only thing I bought.
It was a Dick's Bible and it cost 72 pounds.
It was everything I had.
That's all that I bought.
I didn't buy any sheds or shoes or anything.
Only Dick's Bible.
It was a special, by those days it wasn't common.
And I had to adapt from Scotland.
That's all I bought.
It has given me enough sheds and shoes.
Yes.
The one who makes my shoes must be somewhere here.
I just have to say I need shoes.
I need to be made for me.
Yes.
Is it not amazing?
So the difference between you and the next person is the wisdom you have and the foolishness.
Fools also wear ties and suits.
Fools are dressed in nice dresses.
You thought a fool just comes, I'm a fool.
No.
He doesn't come with an announcement.
He leaves it out.
So today, remember, emphasize on the inside.
When you wake up, spend one hour dressing your spirit rather than one hour dressing up.
A good girl must be able to dress in five minutes.
Don't worry, I'll say it again.
A good girl must be able to dress up in five minutes.
Yes.
The minutes start after bathing.
And a bath too can be five minutes.
Yes.
And five minutes to dress and walk out.
You can also take one of our bath, a good girl can
dressing five minutes yes and one hour quiet time one hour quiet time and five minutes to dress to go out brothers who would you like to marry one hour dressing with five minutes quiet time or five minutes dressing with one hour quiet time we are going to vote this is a full election
Everybody must participate.
If you don't vote, you can't have a passport.
Now, how many will vote for the sister brothers?
You choose the sister who has one hour quiet time and five minutes to dress.
Raise your hand.
Who is not sure?
Jeremy is not sure.
Put your hand down.
One hour to dress and five minutes quiet time.
How many will choose that one?
One, two.
Two people at the back there.
There are two of you.
See me after church, please.
See me after church.
Yeah, and it's true.
But think about it because it changes you
On the inside, it changes you on the inside.
Look, we are all born jealous.
We are all born wicked.
We are all born liars.
We are all born thieves.
We are all born evil.
If you don't work on the inside, these invisible qualities will manifest so much.
We are all born lazy.
How many realize that you like to rest or rest?
Huh?
Beautiful.
Today is very quick.
So if we are fast enough, we can have a revival.
That's right.
Number two.
The foolishness, the first reason is because they
did not emphasize on the outside.
The second reason is because they did not have enough of something.
They had oil, but not enough.
Amen.
Now, did they have oil?
Did the five foolish ones have oil to start with
but not enough oil.
Now, if you have salt in your food, but the salt is not enough, it's the same as no salt.
Is it not true?
How many have eaten food before?
You say, there's no salt in this food.
And the person who cooked it is standing there saying that there is salt in it.
And it's becoming a coral.
There's no salt.
So there is salt.
Now, maybe your taste is different from my taste.
There's no salt.
When salt is not enough, it still has no effect.
So if your Christianity is not enough, it doesn't have a certain effect on your life.
Yeah.
I'm telling you, that is why we are not spending too long in church.
There's nothing like that.
If it's not deep enough in you, it will not have any effect on you, I'm telling you.
I'm telling you, you watch and see election is coming.
Every having sinner who says he's whatever will be coming to church claiming they are believers and we should vote for them.
Yes, hardcore unbelievers.
They will all attend church because they'll all claim to be Christian.
So as for claiming
Christianity in Ghana is over 70% Christian.
More than 70% of Ghanaians are Christians.
I mean claim to be Christians.
Look at how poor we are.
Look at how rich we are and how poor we are.
I read the other day in the newspaper that our box site is worth 200 billion.
The box site in Ghana.
Yeah, kind of upside that we have there.
200 billion.
Go into the country and see.
If you stand and look at Accra, there are only about 15 tall buildings.
Maximum, maybe 20.
Do you understand tall?
Like tall, story buildings.
Do you understand what I'm doing?
There are about 20, 15 to 20.
If you like, count it.
They're not very tall.
I want you to visit Manhattan, New York.
Raise your hand.
Let me pray.
Father, open the doors for the children that are listening to me to go to Manhattan one day.
In Jesus' name, Amen.
You be there.
I prophesy you out in.
Jesus' name.
Now, Manhattan, when you stand and you see the tall buildings going like this, oh, you can't believe it.
And all over the world, one day a visitor from abroad came to Ghana and I took him out in the night.
It was a quick one because he was leaving the next day or that night.
As we drove around, I drove him through a crowd.
As you were driving, he said, where is the city?
Just the two of us.
He said, where is the city?
I said, this is the city, this is it, this is it.
And we started from Osu.
So it's not like I was, maybe I was far away or whatever.
I was a close Osu.
He said, where is the city?
I said, this isn't.
Not enough, not enough.
So listen, my friend, let Christ be in you so much that if you ever become a politician, that Christianity will be so much in you that we'll now see that, yes, a believer is in a good, in a position.
Yeah, it must have some effect.
Today, when you see somebody else, what chat do you go to?
The person will mention, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.
The Bible study, the personal knowing God for yourself must be enough before it has an effect on you.
If it's just up to a point, it won't have a certain effect on you.
I'm telling you, salt, you can't put salt, if it's not enough, it's like you didn't put salt in.
So if you put the Christianity into you, but it's not enough, it will still leave you out.
So you can come with your lamp,
with your oil, but not enough to last to midnight.
You are still out.
Even though, yes, you had it, but you are out.
So few are chosen because they don't have enough of God.
Never let any other voice of the devil.
Anybody tell you that, oh, it's too much, too much time.
Why do you need this?
It's too non-necessary.
Why do this?
You are doing whatever.
It's too long.
Don't believe it.
We don't have short films like Rambo and so on.
It's no, no, no, no.
We have seasons, seasons.
One to 10, season one to 10, episode one, season two.
You know, I didn't even know that this was what was happening.
Because I was looking for just a film to relax and watch.
I realize there's nothing like film anymore.
It's only seasons.
I'm sorry if you don't have time.
The movie is for four years.
It lasts for four years.
So, never say you are doing too much.
No, there's nothing like too much outreach, too much going to church, too much choir, it has too much.
There's nothing like that though.
It's rather not enough.
And if it's not enough for you, when you get married, you'll see that.
Christianity hasn't gotten into you enough to change you and make you a good wife or a good husband.
You see it.
You'll be called Christian, whatever, and you'll be holding a Bible, but you are a bad experience.
How many want to be a bad experience for somebody?
Never say you are listening to either songs too much.
No, you rather need to listen and then
Be memorizing the words, when you get married, you see, even on Saturday, we had a drama.
The guys, they started to sing, be nice, so nice, they were giving advice, and spend some money, and what?
Take her out, hold her hand, do this.
It was a step-by-step advice.
As I was watching, I said, wow, this is, I mean, something.
You're taking the guy on C step by step by just singing to him.
You got to be nice.
You got to be an A1 brother.
Don't let us down.
Give her a call.
Send her texts.
Tell her she's on your mind.
Say, baby, I love you.
Say, baby, I need you.
Say, baby, I miss you.
instead of just being there as a copium or whatever, just a bushman who just saw him shouting all over the place.
All right.
Now, we have already finished two, three.
Number three, not preparing
for a long journey or a long fight.
That is one of the reasons why people fall out.
If you are here, I want you to be ready for a long journey with God.
The foolish legends, they were hoping that bridegroom will come around seven.
But where these people are?
You have to have a mind that they will be late.
Even in Ghana, are we not late?
When they say, what time is it?
12, is it 12 or 12 for one or two?
12 for two.
You have to announce 12 so that people come at two.
Why should you be surprised that it's taking a long time?
I want you to know that your journey in God is a long journey.
If you are here thinking like, oh yeah, we are happy.
We are happy.
But it is something you have in mind that we are going to be on it for a long time.
Yes.
I've been preaching for quite some time.
I was preaching in school and I'm still preaching now.
What do you think?
Yeah.
So I need to see you in your twenties.
preaching wildly in your tetties, wildly when you marry wild in your 40s, wild, your 50s, wild, 60s, wild, 70s, 80s, until you are like this.
Can you imagine me like this?
God's power is very important for you.
Hallelujah.
Wow.
The long journey.
It's a long fight.
So plan for a long fight.
When you don't plan for a long journey, you get destroyed.
Yes.
That's why Hitler was defeated in the Second World War.
He didn't plan for a long fight with Russia.
Because Hitler, he led the German forces from 1938, he started doing
aggressive things.
He took over part of, he took over Austria in 1938.
Then he took over the Zudetian lands of Czechoslovakia in September.
Then in March, he took over the whole of Czechoslovakia.
Then in September, first, 1939, he took over, he entered Poland.
That's what everybody said.
No, this is too much.
Since last year, you've been taking places.
You know, we didn't say anything.
Like, now it's too much.
So it brought in the whole world, the whole world came to fight with him.
But he was very successful.
See, in two weeks, he took Poland.
Poland was not expecting to fight with him.
So Poland had horses and spears.
So when Hitler came with tanks, they came running with horses.
You see a film, I watch a film where the horses were running like this with spears or with guns.
He plus German forces were coming with tanks.
It was two weeks.
They took the whole of Poland.
Two weeks, the whole country.
That is 1939.
1940, he marched into France.
When he got to Paris, the people in France said, look, we have so many beautiful buildings.
So we have dashed through the country.
because you cannot bump all our cathedrals and France, Paris is very beautiful.
So they just, we surrender.
They're more fighting.
And so he, and they never thought he could match and drive from Germany to France.
He drove to the forest and came.
They couldn't believe it.
So that's what they call blitzkrieg, lightning strikes.
Then, 1941, he decided to go to invade Russia.
You see, that is now,
mistake.
You see and he thought that because every and no one was coming to Germany when he was coming to France he passed to Holland Belgium he just added them so by 1940 he had added all these people and it was controlling Europe everybody said this is an amazing man now he decided to fight with Russia and he thought they were going to start in June that was was that in May but they delayed so they started in June Operation Baba Rosa
to invade Russia.
But you see, the total, it will be another eight weeks.
It wasn't like that.
When they got to Moscow, Stalin, his name is not Stalin.
Stalin means still.
He changed the name from Joseph, whatever to Joseph Stalin.
Yes, which means still, he said, will not go.
And he put his soldiers outside.
And he put another line of soldiers behind to shoot his own soldiers if you come back.
I don't know whether you're with me.
You get what I'm saying.
Like he had the soldiers to meet the Germans.
Yes, those were fighting.
Then he had another line to shoot those who run away.
And they killed more even by those running away.
They shot them.
So you have only to go for it.
And there, Hitler was not expecting such resistance.
And then the weather also changed.
It started to rain like it's about to rain.
It started to rain and the floor, the sun.
Next time you go to Moscow, I want you to look on the ground.
I see, raise your hand.
Father, thank you for a traveling grace to go to Russia also in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Now, next time you go to Moscow,
Make sure you look on the ground.
You see the sun, it's like that.
It's thick on the side of the road.
The last time I was the most, I looked, it's just like they described it.
When water goes, it becomes thick mud.
So all their cars got stuck.
Then the weather became very cold.
And it became so cold that the petrol froze in the tanks.
So instead of being liquid, it was now ice block.
So they had to light fires under the petrol tank.
to defrost their petrol.
How do you imagine?
Oh, they didn't trust it.
And then also they didn't take winter coats because they said it would be eight weeks.
So they traveled light with just a few coats for a few people, not enough.
Oh, it was terrible.
They massacred them and they stuck them, but Hitler also refused to retreat.
So they stuck there.
for one year, in front, you could see the light here is Moscow, they could never enter, and they slaughtered them, they ate their horses, they ate their horses, they froze to death, everything, because they were ready to fight, but just quick.
So maybe you are here, you are ready for a Christianity, just quick, up till final year, or up till when you finish school, or when you are a young person, before you marry, but this Christianity,
It's a long something, I tell you.
You have to have a mind that this thing will be in it.
We will struggle in it.
We will fight in it.
Whatever happens, we will be in it.
We will survive anything that comes by the grace of God.
We will survive and we will continue.
If you don't have that mind, you see, look at First Peter 4, this one.
Look at First Peter 4, this one.
Beautiful.
Now, for as much then, as Christ has suffered for us in the flesh.
Don't need my lawyer or thing, please.
I'm yourselves, likewise, I'm yourselves, likewise, with the same mind.
You need to have a mind, and the mind you have
It's a defense.
You see, it's like divorce and marriage.
When is this an option?
You easily divorce.
The older people, our fathers, they never had divorce as an option.
It's like nobody divorces.
There's nothing like that.
You will be in it till you die.
They armed their minds.
So no matter what you see, you are in it.
That's how you stay in relationships.
There's a mind, but not that it's good.
There's a mind, whatever it is, that's it.
We are here.
Look at it, you say, arm yourself likewise with the same mind.
You arm yourself with the mind.
That's when you're going to fast.
Once you tell yourself, I'm going to fast.
I will suffer.
It is what is good.
You are able to fast.
But what is unexpected?
Say hello.
I'm expecting lunch at this time.
I'm not expecting to be hungry at this time.
I'm not armed.
So when you prepare your mind, you're able to do many things that others can do.
And you must prepare your mind to be a Christian for a long time.
I'm in this church because I'm young.
I'm in this church because we are in the area.
You have to prepare your mind that this is where God has planted me.
This is it.
And that is what prevents you from falling away.
Oh, I'm in this church because they've come for me with a bus.
Oh, this is my church and I'll find my way here.
So when you don't have a certain mind, all sorts of things will happen.
And before you realize,
Hey, you know what?
I can't take this any longer.
Shall I see you?
Bye.
No.
All relationships must be permanent.
For me, I believe in permanent relationship.
My, all my friendship, even with milk, whether it be shop sake, be shop heavy, my friend, relationship, that is it.
The mind is that that is it.
We are there, too.
Either you are at my funeral or I am at yours.
What do you think?
Yes.
That is the only way to think.
Yeah, there's a way to stay.
It's an armed mind.
So I'm your mind that this is my church.
This is my God.
Nothing can move me.
And when you are like that, you see that although few be chosen, you be one of the few in the name of Jesus.
Prepare for a long battle.
Joshua Chapter 11, verse 18.
Joshua made war a long time with those keys.
So Joshua's war was long.
As we've come to this East Lagoon area, you think it's a short battle?
Look at the area.
Maybe one day we will own all these places.
Yes.
But it's a long war.
Joshua made war a long time.
with all those kings.
Deuteronomy 20 verse 19, when thou shalt besiege a city a long time in making war against it to take it, thou shall not destroy the trees thereof by forcing an axe against them, for thou mayest eat of them, and thou shall not cut them down.
For the tree of the field is a man's life to employ them in the siege.
Notice,
when thou shalt beseech a city a long time.
So as we are here, we are beseeching a cry.
And it's not going to be a short battle.
It's a long fight against the enemy.
Second, Samuel chapter three, verse one.
And it says, now there was a long war between the house of Saul and the house of David.
And what?
I can't hear you.
Everybody say a long war.
Say a long war.
War is long.
Yes.
Have a mind.
Those of you who are missionaries.
It's not until within two years with how it takes your life.
That's why God calls people young because he said long fight and your whole life is going to be involved in this long fight.
Yeah.
People say, well, this has retired.
I will come and set the law.
God wants people, you see?
Before you can take a city, look at those of us who have big churches in the city.
We have been here for a long time.
You saw Bishop Ajassari came to visit us the other day.
You know how long he's been here.
You think he just came?
You see other bishops and towners, you think they just started?
No, you don't know.
It's a long, long, long fight.
So get ready for a long, and Saturn is going to be attacking you for a long time.
Those of you who think that your lusts are going to reduce when you marry.
You don't know.
It's a long fight.
Yes, yes.
You think Saturn is going to leave you, stop watching pornography and after you get married,
You'll be mine and before you realize, you'll see that, ah, your wife does not remind you of what you'll be watching.
Yes.
It's a long fight.
So, get ready for a long, when thou shalt beseech a city for a long time.
Well, Satan is trying to beseech you for a long time.
Yeah.
When older people listen to me preaching, and they say it's good for their children, it shows that they are already defeated.
Because what I'm preaching is very relevant for every age.
It's not a young person's message, rarely, although I'm preaching to young people.
I can more easily preach it to young people, but it's not like a young person's message.
So this is not good for grown-ups.
They are completely backsliding.
That's why they say that.
It's good you are talking to the children like that.
I can't go for your life, you are telling the children.
And what do you need?
So what is the first reason why few are chosen?
Emphasizing on the outside, number two.
Not having enough, number three.
Not preparing for a long journey.
Number four, the foolishness and the whole reason is foolishness.
It's all foolishness.
Foolishness of expecting somebody to do what only you can do for yourself.
Expecting somebody to do for you.
Please go and get me some, can you give me some of your oil?
I want you to give me oil.
Now listen, no one either can do certain things for you.
you have to do it for yourself.
So when the time came, they said, please, can you give us some of your oil?
And they said, no, go and buy it for yourself.
Because there are things which only you can do for yourself.
Thank God you are part of the group.
Listen, but the wise answer, they said, not so.
That's not how it's done.
I can't do it for you.
I can't pray for you.
You will not pray, I will pray and you don't pray.
You are the only one who can pray certain prayers for yourself.
No matter how much I pray doesn't take away your need to pray.
This is not so.
You do it yourself.
Not so.
You catch anointing for yourself.
Yes.
I am anointed, doesn't mean my pastors are anointed.
They have to catch anointing themselves.
Yes.
Not so.
You'll do it yourself.
I can't say sorry for you.
You know, one time there was somebody who did something wrong and I helped the person to say sorry.
And after now I regret because I realized that the person never really said sorry.
I can't repent and give my life to Jesus for you.
Lord, I give my life just on behalf of my children.
No, I can't pass medical exams for you and make you a doctor.
Not so.
What is it?
Not so less than not being enough.
You rather go yourself.
You go.
You have to do things.
There are some things you have to do yourself.
That is why husband and wife are not the same.
Because I may have gone to catch some oil, but she may not have gone to catch the same oil.
Husbands are different from wives.
And wives are different from husbands.
We may be sitting on the front row together.
It doesn't mean that we are the same at all.
You go and do it for yourself.
That's why I don't mind giving you the tape that I'm listening to and show you the message I'm listening to because most people do not want to do what they have to do for themselves with nobody can do for them.
I can't, I can't become a doctor for your child.
I can't, I can't read a book and transfer it to you.
I can't pray seven hours and transfer the seven hours prior to you and make you a man of court.
I cannot honor somebody and transfer that.
You see how I own that Fred Price and I put his picture in my office.
I cannot transfer that I've only the amount of, I cannot transfer it to you.
What's your name?
Alan, I cannot transfer to Alan that owner that I've done, that spiritual act that I've done.
I can't, I can't even make you apologize for something.
I can't say sorry for this.
When you say sorry, it's not real.
I can't make you change.
You have to change yourself.
He said, no, so you go and bite yourself.
You go and do it yourself.
Nobody can do, nobody can become spiritual for you.
Nobody can take up the cross and pay a price for you.
If you are not prepared to pay the price for salvation, nobody can pay and transfer.
That's why you will be sitting in a group and before you realize you've been divided into two.
Half have been left, half have gone.
Because what you should do for yourself, you not do it.
And you'll be hoping that it will be transferred.
Like if this guy is a standard, if this guy is very spiritual, it will transfer on the road.
There's nothing like that when it comes to spiritual things.
That is why people become spiritual one by one, and they become anointed one by one.
Because not so.
I can't transfer it to you.
You know, one day I was watching America, you know, there were these great men of God.
then they called their sons and decided to lay hands on them in front of everybody.
I transferred my ministry to you.
They're all saying that as the years have gone by, you can see clearly that the ministry has not been transferred to their sons.
Yes, because you can't just transfer.
That's why Elijah told Elijah, look, what you have asked her is a hat, but I'll show you a sign.
If you see me going,
I mean, that would be a sign for you to know that, yes, you have actually received it.
But to get my anointing power is a very difficult thing.
I sent a brother on the mission field.
He sent me a message.
He said, I've come to see that you are a very great and rare man of God.
He said, when I was in a club, I was under this president, under this president.
I used to do this, I used to do this, I didn't know what I didn't know.
I didn't know I was so deficient and I didn't know my leadership was so poor.
It's not that I'm there, it's that I can see how low I am.
It's that I've come to appreciate 200 times more.
As I'm now there, it's like as you are on the field run, I'll make it.
That's when you see that.
Although you are with somebody who is a certain way, he cannot transfer that thing to you.
You have to learn.
Satan thinks yourself or receives Satan thinks, which he cannot give, or he can argue, you can't transfer it.
It's not transferable.
Yes.
Not so.
It's going to be between you and God and yourself, getting things for yourself.
Yes.
Do you know how many times I've gone to leg-on guidance to pray?
From 10 to 5, 10 to 5, I start at 10.
I have no car.
From Osu, I take total, taxi, taxi, total.
There's nothing like dropping.
It's just normal from here to here, here to here.
Early in the morning, I start.
I take care of them, they drop me at Leggone Junction, and I walk from the main road where the hospital junction is.
walk to the gardens, fasten.
When I get there, it's 10 o'clock, and I stand alone, car bar shot, day load, I'm about till five.
And when I finish, I walk back, I drink water at the end, too.
There's a pipe there.
There's a pipe, open the pipe, and I drink.
And I drink, and I walk from there to the main gate, and I take about three cars back to my house.
I'm between every day,
I can't transfer that to you.
I can't transfer my weightings on God to you, to anybody.
You have to yourself.
That's why few are chosen because many people want a miraculous transmission and transfer of something that somebody has or has bought.
with the price to be just giving to you.
It's not like that.
It's nothing like that.
I used to wake up at 4 a.m. and read Moses.
I was studying Moses.
Those I used to study, I studied Moses, then I studied Jacob, then I studied this person.
From 4 a.m. to 6 a.m.
I'd be studying Moses.
And I used to, the bed was here to lie on the floor.
and then I speak in tongues into the air.
In my father's house, I can't transfer it to you.
If you will not study Moses, I can never transfer Moses to you.
You have to be there like that.
I listen to, can I take in tapes?
I can listen to one tape for many, many times.
I cannot transfer it to you.
What I receive, the honor that I have for people,
And the love for God, I cannot transfer it to you.
So that's why you may be a son, like Joshua is a son, and others, but is he?
Unless you also have your own past now revelation of God, that is not transferred.
You never really amount to much.
You can never know me unless you know my love for God.
He's like, oh, I know him.
You don't know me.
You don't know nothing.
So I know you never know somebody till you know his relationship with God.
So take note of that.
That's why 10 become five.
10 become five because five expected some people to go and do their whatever, pay their price for them, pay for the offer them and bring that we share.
All right.
Are you still there?
Yeah, Andy, I told you today was short.
Number five, foolishness of not getting the timing right.
You know, they were ready, but they were not ready at the right time.
I declare you be ready at the time.
First Chronicles 12, 32.
not getting the time right.
It says, and of the children of Isaka, where men that have understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do.
Amen.
Listen to me, one of the most important things is to know the right time.
That's why the other day I was preaching and I was saying to
that there's a time you have to concentrate on getting married.
It's not just to make a funny statement.
There's a time.
If you don't understand the time, you miss it.
You not always be nice and you not always be chosen.
Yes.
And you not always be precious.
You're not.
You know it.
I say you know it.
So if you don't humble yourself and get the timing right, ministry is not an old man's job.
Ministry is 25 to 50.
Ministry is energy and life and strength, sorry, strength.
If you don't get the timing right, you become an old man and you say, I need God.
That's how come you have even some lay pastors
trying to turn the church into their business.
Because too late they realized that the ministry was greater than the work that they are trying to do.
Yes.
So the men of Isaka, they understood their timing.
One day I was a medical student.
In those days, every medical student had a bag of box of bones.
I had my bones.
I had in a black bag my father gave me.
All my bones were in my bag, plus my anatomy textbook and my white coat.
When we go to Collebo to school, this is what I carry.
And a bus used to come and pick us from Ligon to Collebo every morning.
At seven o'clock, you must be there.
The bus is going.
And one day, I was late.
Because I miss the time.
And the bus came to pass.
When the bus passed in front of Ligon Hall, I fell out across the bus at Saba.
I ran with my bag of booms and my white coat and my books.
I ran at top speed.
But the bus came and passed, came onto the road.
and was going, and I was running after I said, I am a medical student.
Yeah, my boss.
Yes, my laptop, my book.
Yes, my wife, that's my wife.
But I missed the timing.
And I was left out.
That day, I missed, either I missed the whole day or I missed it.
A huge section.
But I was, I always remember running with my white coach.
I am a medical student.
You know a lot of them are saying, but you say you didn't get the time, you're right.
I have a medical student!
Wait for me!
It was seven, you came at 7.30.
I thought I was clever.
I'll cross them here, so they go around the school picking.
I don't know if they do that today, huh?
I am, I am, I'm cold!
But if you miss the time, you say, I am cold to be an apostle,
You may be called to be a hippopotamus.
I don't even know how they say it now.
Hippopotamus or what?
How did they say hippopotamus?
Charlie, hippopotamus is the one.
You may be called to be a prophet, but if you don't get that time, you're right.
You are not going to be no prophet.
You will see nothing.
In fact, you may be so accurate a prophet, I just call a nine, seven, three, three, two, four, B.
That's your passport number.
Wow.
I mean, that's the kind of prophet you may be, but if you don't get the timing right, if you don't get the timing right, you do what you have to do at the right time.
You can't always come and say, oh, I had I known.
Oh, if I had known, oh, I really, you know, I really think that there's a, no, it's not like that.
Ministries are about time.
You know, a woman, you have your period from a certain age to around 50.
Before, I'll get into 50 so that it is already getting to stop, trying to stop.
It shows you the period of fertility, the period of fruitfulness is very brief.
You play with it more, and even now by 35, you start to have these downs and downs and things.
Have not much children come from 35 days, 10 times more.
Half defects, holding heart,
multiple vessels coming in crossing over many things.
It's just a short period of fruitfulness.
That's why some of the people wait, and when they finally come to join the ministry, they bring for defective ministries, abnormal, defect mentally retarded ministries, because they have waited over waited.
Are you still here?
Get your time in right to.
Get your time in right to marry.
If you don't marry in time before you realize you've become a phonicator.
And there was no need for you to be a phonicator, you could have just my, why commit phonication when you can commit love?
I said, why commit phonication when you can commit love?
Hey.
Tell your neighbor, you are very quiet this afternoon, is it a session?
Number six, we're ending.
Foolishness is not being practical.
The word wise, there's the word phonemos.
It's a five word wise, five word foolish.
So five word not wise.
Now one of the things I've allowed is practical, practical, practical.
You know, people are not practical.
You sit in your office and receive invoices.
I don't know what is happening.
You got what I'm saying?
Yeah.
They just lie to you.
And Ghana now, everybody's telling some kind of something that is not true.
They'll ask you, receipts.
Do you want to receive?
Why should I write?
They'll ask you what to write.
They're not that positive.
They're asking you what to write.
That's why if you are an organization, you are better off with a brand new account.
Any candidate is repaired, you should expect that they are lying to you.
Every repair is a lie.
Every repair, there's a lie in it.
So, we have to change the plugs in Jester, Digestor, Calibrita.
It costs 2,600.
Meanwhile, it's 200 cities.
One day I was in Kumasi and my car stopped.
It wouldn't move.
The gears wouldn't change from, it wouldn't change beyond second.
You know gears, first, second, third, fourth, fifth, yeah.
So we call some fittest.
They said, we have to remove the engine.
We have to remove the engine.
We have to drop the engine and drop the gearbox.
We have to drop the gearbox and drop the engine.
I remember where I was standing.
And I saw them.
I said, you know, it's OK.
I like my car.
I drove the car in second gear from Kumasi to Akra.
When I came,
I came to find another solution.
Do you know what was wrong?
There was a fuse.
The fuse, do you know how much the fuse cost?
Two dollars.
And you put it in the car was working.
It was changing all the years, second, third.
They said it would come to drop the engine.
Two dollars.
So brothers and sisters, I'm telling you, we are not practical.
You see, Ghana big man would have been sitting, somebody would bring you the invoice.
We have to drop the engine, change this change, this change, this change, this change.
I said, no, I would drive it like that.
I drove from a car in Coco, Cunongo, in Vietnam.
I mean all the way in Taiwan.
Second, I just drove slowly.
People are not pregnant.
That's why there are only 15 tall buildings in Ghana in Accra.
Count it for me.
You can count.
Maybe it's 20.
There's no training in Ghana moving on.
You see that song.
I did not blame the train.
There's a part where they see them.
It's not a wild thing.
No, we cannot do it.
No party will go.
Only in voices.
And with speeches, ladies and gentlemen, we are aware of it.
Genes, we're doing this.
You see, the five vegens, they were not hands on practical, check the level of the oil, check the time, how much, where will it reach, what will we do, this and that, no, no, no.
If you are not practical in your life, you will see that you will be high above the realities.
You can't look like a boy and expect a boy to like you.
Some of you dress like boys.
I shouldn't say such things.
Practical.
That is why people feel are chosen.
You see that?
Elimination.
Practical.
Yeah.
There's no part of this building that I cannot say I don't know how it came.
I was here.
Practical.
Remember, we were all here.
Well, you know here.
Practical.
Including our carpet.
As it's getting dirty, we are watching it.
Tell somebody I'm going to be practical and I'm going to do well.
So just pray for me to pass my exams.
Pray for you, and then also, where are the medical students?
Those who just became doctors.
You see that I sit down with them, and we go through questions.
Yeah, we go through.
I pray for them, but I also take them through.
Most of them, they come to, did I not tell you questions?
Did I ask you?
They all came on that day.
Yes.
Oh, the questions.
I asked this, this, this.
We did it on the sun.
Sunday, then on Monday, when we went to the exam room, we turned over and it was all that she said.
All the questions, I go through with them.
I have time, I can spend two hours with them.
Yes, we go through.
Okay, let's pray for our moment.
It's not just praying, you see, we pray and we are seated in heavenly places and we also seated right here.
So the two are waking.
Amen?
Amen.
When I met some medical students, I started to ask them questions, this, this, this, this.
I was standing outside, I said, do you know this, do this, this, this, the next thing was, she told me, everything you asked me, I didn't know the answers, when you were asking, when we went, that was it.
Just pray for some.
I'll tell you when do your hair.
So pray for me to get that husband.
And stop looking like a scarecrow.
Do you know what a scarecrow is?
It's to frighten our way back.
Amen.
What is point number one?
We are ending.
Beautiful.
Number, I can't hear you, put it on the screen.
That's all foolishness, isn't it?
Number two, foolishness of what?
Not having enough, amen, of anything.
Number three, not preparing for a long journey.
Wow.
Number four, foolishness of what?
Expecting someone to do what only you can do for yourself.
Number five, of not getting the time right.
Number six, foolishness of not being practical.
The word is fronimos, P-H-R-O-N-I-M-O's wisdom.
And number seven, the foolishness of not being known.
Not being known.
Matthew 25 verse 12, he says, but he answered and said, veryly,
I say unto you, I know you not.
I don't know you.
I'm sorry.
Wow.
I know you not.
Make sure you are known.
Ask your neighbor.
Does anybody know you here, please?
Does anybody know you here?
You must be known by a pastor and you must be known in the church.
Amen.
You see, when they are announcing wedding bells,
You see some people, there's a lot of noise.
God, they are more known.
How will it be like when your wedding is announced?
That'll be what?
Polite clapping.
Just some polite clapping to make sure that, you know...
Mother makes you be encouraging you, you know... Clap, clap, clap for them.
I'm not clapping for them.
No.
You must be known.
Listen, every big church is both a big church and a small church.
Yes.
Within every church is a small church.
But only that some people don't join the small church in the big church.
If you look at their film stars, they are a small church within the big church.
If you join it, you'll be in a small church within the big church.
Yes.
Every big church is a number of small churches together.
So you must join the small church in the big church.
Otherwise, you just be a member of the big church and you never do well.
No one will really know you.
Even if we want to suggest you as a potential beloved for someone, we don't even know you.
And we don't even know who you are.
We don't even know that you are there.
Meanwhile, you are the best person for someone.
The person has given a particular prescription that he wants.
and you are the perfect.
I mean, you fit exactly.
But we don't know you.
Oh, you've really missed.
You get what I'm saying?
So from today, don't let anybody make you quiet and extra.
So when you see a photo, you don't have to talk.
Stop that.
Why do you reason the Bible?
When you say for the strata, start talking.
Yeah.
And be known.
Once you are known.
Every man of God that I interact with, they all know me personally.
From Ida Husa.
Yes.
Benihin.
You be there.
Who is that?
Brace on water.
Fire that guy!
Tell your neighbor I will make myself new.
What is point number one?
Let's go through the points quickly.
The foolishness, all foolishness.
Foolishness is what makes few to be chosen.
And the foolishness of what?
Emphasizing and outside.
So brothers, any sister you meet, you are going to propose, ask her, how long was your partner and how long was your getting dressed?
And see, you know, don't tell them I told you, just as their sisters,
Don't tell lies, okay?
Just tell the truth.
Don't change it.
Number two.
Not having enough.
It's having, but not enough.
Number three.
Long fight.
You see, they stayed there to midnight.
Are you ready for a long fight?
Number four.
Expecting someone to do for you what only you can do for yourself.
Number five, foolishness of not getting the timing right.
Number six, foolishness of not being, how many are going to be practical yourself?
You'll be on the ground yourself.
Wow.
Number seven, foolishness of not being known.
I shall be known.
Amen.
Lift your hand.
Thank God for the spirit that is speaking to you in this moment.
Jesus, thank you.
Thanks, Amelia, for your holy word in the mighty name of Jesus.
Father, we give you thanks.
We shall be among the chosen few from today in Jesus' name.
Amen.
As every head is bowed and every eye closed, everyone's standing, please.
If you want to give your life to Jesus today,
Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to God.
If you are here right now, I want to pray with you.
I want to give your life to Jesus.
If you want to be born again, you want to give your life to Jesus.
Lift your head high like this.
God bless you.
I want to be born again.
I want to give my life to God.
lift your hand up.
Now, if you've lifted your hand, you want to give your life to Jesus.
I want to pray with you before we close.
We are just about to close.
If you've lifted your hand, you want to give your life to Jesus, come to me in the front with your hand up like this.
Come here.
Come from wherever you are standing at the back quickly.
all right let us pray save this prayer all of you in front here I want you to say this prayer with me say Lord Jesus please forgive me for my sins I give my heart to you I give my life to you please wash away my sins
write my name in the Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, for saving me today.
In Jesus' name, I pray.
Amen.
God bless you.
I want to give you one of my books here.
And as soon as we close, all of you who are here, come to the front, come to the corner of our here, salvation corner, and we are going to pray with you.
And God is going to change your life.
Amen.
God bless you, you may go back to your seats.
Congregation, you may be seated.
It's time for communion, holy communion.
is broken for you.
Drink, this is my blood which will shed for you.
Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has it turned out alive.
For my flesh is meeting deep and my blood is drinking deep.
Oh yeah, a cup of glass in which we bless.
It's the communion of the blood of Christ, the bread which we break.
It's the communion of the body of Christ.
Oh, this is the holy meal, the meal of God.
Oh, it will sustain you.
It will make you whole.
It will give you life when I see the blood.
Verse 11, verse 1, and the Lord said unto Moses, yet will I bring one more plague upon Pharaoh and upon Egypt, and afterwards he will let you go.
When he shall let you go, he shall surely thrust you out altogether.
Amen.
There is one more thing, and that is going to be the end of the enemy, the blood of the Lamb.
Today, as we come to this table, one more thing.
He said, I will do one thing more.
When I do this, he will even suck you.
Every type of captivity in your life, Satan himself is going to say, no, I don't want this captive.
Yes.
You know, one day some policemen were standing by the roadside and then
They arrested someone, someone I know.
And when they arrested the person, the person challenged them and was taking them on rather.
So the senior policeman came there and he rebuked the junior policeman who had arrested.
And he told him, I told you,
There are certain types of class we don't, you don't arrest them.
So he rather, I shed the card to go away.
That's what's going to happen.
Your enemy will be happy that you will go away in the name of Jesus Christ.
Take the bread.
Father, we thank you that as this bread is broken, we are experiencing total deliverance.
and judgment on Satan and the gods of Egypt.
And every demonic power that seeks to hold us in captivity.
Thank you for delivering us in the name of Jesus Christ, the body of Jesus Christ.
the blood.
By this blood, Satan is going to ask that you should no more be kept his prisoner because you are a troublesome prisoner.
Every form of captivity which has seized your life is broken today by the blood of the Lamb, the blood of Jesus Christ.
with your hands for your blessing.
Any chain on your leg, on your right leg, holding you down, is cursed and broken in Jesus.
Any form of strangulation that is squeezing the air out of you slowly,
built in Jesus' name.
Any form of oppression and difficulty on your life, I reject it in Jesus' name.
Every source of sadness in your life, every source of depression in your life, I cast it in Jesus' name.
I command the spirit of joy to be released into your life.
whatever has held you in captivity.
For a long time, I decree by 31 December, you will hear the announcement that you are free forever from that captivity.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
The time has come for your freedom, for your joy, for your dancing, and for your liberation.
Receive it in the name of Jesus.
I declare that as God Almighty declared judgment on Pharaoh, on Egypt, on the economy of Egypt and on the gods of Egypt.
So also there is a judgment on all the demonic forces and powers that have surrounded you and your life.
Be delivered from it right now.
In the name of Jesus.
Become a giant.
Become a champion.
Become a great person because you are free.
in the name of Jesus.
Say I receive it.
I walk in it.
In the name of Jesus.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
God bless you, you may be seated.